=pod

=encoding UTF-8

=head1 NAME

Dist::Zilla::Plugin::Test::Perl::Critic - Tests to check your code against best practices

=head1 VERSION

version 3.004

=head1 SYNOPSIS

In your F<dist.ini>:

    [Test::Perl::Critic]
    critic_config = perlcritic.rc ; default / relative to project root

=head1 DESCRIPTION

This will provide a F<xt/author/critic.t> file for use during the "test" and
"release" calls of C<dzil>. To use this, make the changes to F<dist.ini>
above and run one of the following:

    dzil test
    dzil release

During these runs, F<xt/author/critic.t> will use L<Test::Perl::Critic> to run
L<Perl::Critic> against your code and by report findings.

=for Pod::Coverage gather_files register_prereqs munge_file mvp_aliases

=for stopwords LICENCE

=head1 OPTIONS

=head2 filename

The file name of the test to generate. Defaults to F<xt/author/critic.t>.

=head2 critic_config

This plugin accepts the C<critic_config> option, which s
Specifies your own config file for L<Perl::Critic>. It defaults to
C<perlcritic.rc>, relative to the project root. If the file does not exist,
L<Perl::Critic> will use its defaults.

The option can also be configured using the C<profile> alias.

=head2 verbose

If configured, overrides the C<-verbose> option to L<Perl::Critic>.

=head2 files

If specified, will be used as the list of files to check. If neither C<files>
C<finder> is specified, L<Test::Perl::Critic>'s default behavior of checking
all files will be used.

=head2 finder

Can be specified to use a L<file finder|Dist::Zilla::Role::FileFinderUser/default_finders>
to select the files to check, rather than checking all files.

=head1 SUPPORT

Bugs may be submitted through L<the RT bug tracker|https://rt.cpan.org/Public/Dist/Display.html?Name=Dist-Zilla-Plugin-Test-Perl-Critic>
(or L<bug-Dist-Zilla-Plugin-Test-Perl-Critic@rt.cpan.org|mailto:bug-Dist-Zilla-Plugin-Test-Perl-Critic@rt.cpan.org>).

There is also an irc channel available for users of this distribution, at
L<C<#distzilla> on C<irc.perl.org>|irc://irc.perl.org/#distzilla>.

=head1 AUTHOR

Jerome Quelin

=head1 CONTRIBUTORS

=for stopwords Karen Etheridge Jérôme Quelin Graham Knop Kent Fredric Olivier Mengué Gryphon Shafer Stephen R. Scaffidi Alexander Hartmaier Mike Doherty

=over 4

=item *

Karen Etheridge <ether@cpan.org>

=item *

Jérôme Quelin <jquelin@gmail.com>

=item *

Graham Knop <haarg@haarg.org>

=item *

Kent Fredric <kentfredric@gmail.com>

=item *

Olivier Mengué <dolmen@cpan.org>

=item *

Gryphon Shafer <gryphon@goldenguru.com>

=item *

Stephen R. Scaffidi <stephen@scaffidi.net>

=item *

Alexander Hartmaier <abraxxa@cpan.org>

=item *

Mike Doherty <doherty@cs.dal.ca>

=back

=head1 COPYRIGHT AND LICENCE

This software is copyright (c) 2009 by Jerome Quelin.

This is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it under
the same terms as the Perl 5 programming language system itself.

=cut
